hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
so I'm looking to build a PC with a
budget of around two thousand dollars an
hour normally build my own but just out
of curiosity I've reached out to two
companies just to see what was available
in the pre-built or pre-configured
desktop market so Lenovo sent their idea
center why 900 Alienware sent their
area51 both very different systems but
in the same kind of price point that I
was looking at here are my thoughts so
the PC will be going into this area here
it's a triple monitor setup will be
doing too much regular gaming on it it's
more for video editing and for some CAD
applications but most importantly it'll
be used for VR stuff as it comes out the
ideas center why 900 has a carbon fiber
look to it with some red accents it
reminds me of the mock carbon-fiber
panels on the lenovo laptops so the unit
here is $1,800 it's a full size chassis
there's a window on the side to showcase
the goods and on the front we have an SD
card slot a pair of use VIII's a pair of
USB 2's audio jacks and a DVD drive
there's a power button up top that's lit
with a white LED it's not an extremely
showy case but with the red accents and
lighting on the front and inside it does
draw some attention to it you can
control the brightness of this lighting
with software there's a handle up top
for carrying it around and overall I
think it's a pretty nice looking case
especially if you're into the black and
red theme but it's still a very generic
looking case to me there's nothing about
it that really feels unique it's not a
bad case far from it it's actually well
designed but aesthetically it doesn't
really get me excited on the other hand
the case of the area 51 remember when
this case was first launched I was like
what the heck is going on with this
thing and I thought it was kind of ugly
but it's totally grown on me and it's
become very iconic and it's actually
something I think looks pretty cool
especially from the side now the area 51
is priced at $200 more than the Y 900
and you can tell that a lot of your
money goes into the actual case up front
we have an SD card slot 2 USB 3 I do
Jack's
DVD drive and a light-up alien
there's no side window on this one
instead it flexes by lighting up with
LEDs there's lighting on both side
panels and on the front and you get full
lighting control with software inside
you can make it look pretty crazy with
different colors or you can keep things
subtle it's definitely not a case for
everyone but I really like it the lenovo
has a lock switch on the back and then a
large button that you can push down to
open the side panel it pops off pretty
easily and then the front panel also
comes off so you can clean the fan mesh
now because it's a more traditional case
the drives are mounted on the inside
like normal it's nothing too hard to
access the area 51 has an equally easy
case to open you lift the levers up here
and then the side panels pop off and
because there's lights on the side
panels I actually expected some wires to
be dangling around when I popped off the
sides but there's actually some metal
contacts here that route the current so
there's no risk of breaking wires it's
pretty impressive the drives are mounted
behind the motherboard and because this
panel also pops off they're pretty easy
to access on the inside they both have
geforce gtx 970m I went with this video
card because it's the minimum
requirement for running an oculus rift
the WHI 900 is a pretty traditional case
it's air cooled and properly cooled
there's no throttling or overheating but
the fan noise isn't exactly quiet it's
not loud but it's clearly audible the
area 51 is water-cooled 120 millimeter
rad fans are controllable with software
again the default settings keep things
properly cooled there's no overheating
there's no throttling but fan noise is a
little bit quieter than the lenovo
system one thing I noticed because the Y
900 is a traditional desktop case you
need some clearance away from the back
wall or else your exhaust vents are kind
of choked up right with the area 51
because of the angled back you can butt
it up against the wall without any
thermal issues the exhaust just kind of
vents things up on an angle the idea
Center Y 900 comes with surprisingly
good peripherals it has a mechanical
keyboard that uses Cali switches which
are kind of like knockoff cherry
switches but they feel very similar the
Y gaming mouse isn't as good it's not
bad and you can add weight at the bottom
but the build quality is just okay it
also comes with a headset they don't
sound amazing but it's an included
peripheral and all of these things
add value to the overall package the
area 51 just comes with the standard
keyboard and mouse and I'm not too
bothered by this I think a lot of gamers
just want to use their own peripherals
anyways okay so at a similar price we're
actually getting two very different
configurations
the Lenovo system is running a four core
skylight processor the Alienware is
running a six core haswell-e processor
when I go into PC part picker and I
build a configuration that's similar to
these you'll see them about two to three
hundred dollars on the Lenovo it's still
a significant savings to go DIY but it's
a lot closer than I thought it'd be and
if you do the same thing for the
Alienware system it saves you around
four to five hundred dollars it's a much
bigger gap but there's no way you can
buy a case like the area 51 so you're
obviously paying a premium to have
someone build the system and then send
it to you but you also get a year of
warranty and customer service and with
the Alienware systems you actually get
an on-site service so if something busts
or something goes wrong they'll actually
come over to your house to fix it that's
pretty cool but the biggest appealing
factor to me is the time-saving C as you
get older and as you get busier you just
have less time to do fun things like
building your own PC so eventually it
gets to the point where you're going to
have to buy a pre-built desktop it's
going to suck I'm eventually going to
get there I'm not there yet fortunately
but I can see myself buying a pre-built
system at some point in the future
that's going to suck I'm not going to go
into performance benchmarks too much I
mean these two configurations have been
reviewed and documented to death on the
internet but the short of it is this
single core tasks like web browsing do
better on the 6700 K in the lenovo and
then multi-core tasks like video and
photo editing generally do better on the
5820k in the Alienware
and the gaming performance between the
two really depends on whether the game
can take advantage of the extra cores on
the 5820 or not the GTX 970 is pretty
good at single monitor gaming but it
struggles with triple monitor gaming and
just to throw some rough numbers out
there on Ultra at 1080p in witcher 3
you'll be sitting at 55 60 frames per
second if you try the same thing on
triple monitors it bogs it down to like
25 frames per second okay some closing
thoughts if you like the look of the
case and you like black and red I'd
consider the idea Center why 900 a
pretty good value obviously it's not as
cheap as building your own
but for what you're getting you're
getting a good configuration you're
getting some customer service you're
getting some great peripherals and
you're basically gaming right out of the
box that's pretty nice the area 51 it's
not as good of a value in terms of its
share performance but you're getting a
really well engineered case an iconic
case and some of the best customer
service and technical support in the
industry so that's really nice
personally I'm still going to be
building my own I really wish I could
use that Alienware case because it's
super cool but oh well that's the end of
this video hope you guys liked it thumbs
if you liked it subs if you loved it
it's been nice I'll see you guys next
time I love you Alienware area51 case
will you stay with me I'll feed you lots
of pixels